As a Designer my goal Is to simplify, plan , and shape ideas into a reality. Each medium may be different, but the process remains the same. Understanding the work that lies ahead I place pen to paper, and start examining part by part. I experiment and try to find problems before they start, learning as I go. The time and energy put into this makes each project and process unique. 

Technology is a thriving, growing entity based around human interaction. Limited only by our imagination it becomes a never ending path of experimentation and adaption. Following my own curiosities I started my journey in Engineering and landed in Web Development. Today, I focus on website and mobile applications utilizing JavaScript, Node.js, and Web Sockets. I continue to learn and experiment adding new tools along the way. 

At the end of the day it’s nice to “unplug”. When I’m not behind a computer, you will normally find me around a workbench. With a passion for traditional woodworking I continue to learn and hone my craft by focusing on hand tools and furniture making. My goal is to keep trade skills from becoming just another chapter in a history book. You can follow the process @3WireBuild. 


I graduated with a B.A. in Art from Georgetown College in Georgetown, Kentucky, emphasizing in Sculpture and Graphic Design with a minor in Physics. While at Georgetown, I met my wife Emily and soon followed her to Louisville, Kentucky. Currently, I manage the network and church communications for Broadway Baptist Church in Louisville, while gaining more experience in Web Development. I enjoy spending time with family, volunteering at church, and working on home projects. My hobbies include traditional woodworking and furniture design.


To describe myself in one word, I am a <i>builder</i>. I wake up in the morning geared to create, fix, learn, and solve. It’s an itch. There are no exceptions to the type of work needed, instead it is the process that keeps me motivated. I am a Designer, Web Developer, Traditional Woodworker, a "Do It Yourselfer", and Adventuring Thinker. It's in my nature to break objects down part by part to understand function. I enjoy the history that lies beneath and restoring objects back to new. I’m always learning and always innovating, always thinking, it’s a never ending process. 			
